[13.0][MIG] account_payment_multi_deduction (#304)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_multi_deduction/readme/HISTORY.rst

13.0.1.0.0 (2020-01-27)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Migration to version 13

> * Following how Odoo 13 works wit deduction, the multiple deduction feature only work with 1 invoice at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Following how Odoo 13 works with deductiosn, the multiple deduction feature only works for one invoice at a time.
```

Author: Thanks @dreispt , fixed.
